Clarify Google Workspace AlertCenter (#1361)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/google-workspace-alertcenter.md

## Step 1: Create service account Credentials

To create Google Workspace AlertCenter service account credentials:

> 1. From Google Workspace, select your project or create a new one.

Reviewer: From Google Cloud [console](https://console.cloud.google.com/)

> 1. From Google Workspace, select your project or create a new one.

Author: ```suggestion
1. From [Google Cloud console](https://console.cloud.google.com), select your project or create a new one.
```

1. Enable **Google Workspace Alert Center API** for the Alert API. To locate this setting, you can search for "Google Workspace Alert Center API" in the search bar. Then select the **Enable** button. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/google_workspace_alert_center_API_sdk.png')} alt="api-sdk" width="450"/>
1. You will be redirected to the dashboard page. Select the **Credentials** tab in the left panel. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/google_workspace_credentials.PNG')} alt="credentials" width="200"/>
1. Click **Create Credentials**, and select **Service Account** to create service account credentials. Later you'll supply the account details and click **Done** to create a service account. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/google_workspace_service_account.PNG')} alt="<service-account>" width="400"/>

> 1. Navigate to the **Keys** tab on the same page. To create JSON for the service account, you must create a key. Click **Add key** and select **Create new key**. At the prompt, select **JSON** and click **Create**. <br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/send-data/google_workspace_service_account_key.PNG')} alt="service-account-key" width="<insert-pixel-number>"/>

Reviewer: This looks different from my end, could be either a different type of account, or the console has changed. We will need another person to look as well (via a Jira).

Reviewer 2: @duchatran should we file the JIRA against Himanshu or is there a default apps owner?

Author: @duchatran [Here's the ticket](https://jasklabs.atlassian.net/browse/CON-1492). Let us know who to assign to.

Author: Thank you Duc for assigning to Parthiv. I'm going to push out the existing changes I've made here as they're just formatting and grammar-related. Added a note to the Jira ticket about next steps after you've resolved the UI discrepancies.
